# UModelingToolsEditorModeSettings

**继承自**: `UDeveloperSettings`

Settings for the Modeling Tools Editor Mode plug-in.

## 属性

### AssetGenerationLocation
- **类型**: `EModelingModeAssetGenerationLocation`
- **描述**: Where should Assets auto-generated by Modeling Tools be stored by default

### AssetGenerationMode
- **类型**: `EModelingModeAssetGenerationBehavior`
- **描述**: How should Assets auto-generated by Modeling Tools be handled in terms of saving, naming, etc

### DefaultMeshObjectType
- **类型**: `EModelingModeDefaultMeshObjectType`
- **描述**: What type of Mesh Object should Output Type Setting default to in Modeling Mode Tools (takes effect after Editor restart)

### AutoGeneratedAssetPath
- **类型**: `FString`
- **描述**: Assets auto-generated by Modeling Tools are stored at this path, relative to the parent path defined by the Location. Set to an empty string to disable.

### bStoreUnsavedLevelAssetsInTopLevelGameFolder
- **类型**: `bool`
- **描述**: If true, Auto-Generated Assets created in an unsaved Level will be stored relative to top-level folder, otherwise they will be stored in /Temp and cannot be saved until they are explicitly moved to a permanent location

### bUsePerUserAutogenSubfolder
- **类型**: `bool`
- **描述**: If true, Autogenerated Assets are stored in per-user folders below the Autogen path

### AutogenSubfolderUserNameOverride
- **类型**: `FString`
- **描述**: Overrides the user name used for per-user folders below the Autogen path. This might be necessary to resolve issues with source control, for example. Note that the per-user folder name might not contain the name exactly as provided.

### bAppendRandomStringToName
- **类型**: `bool`
- **描述**: If true, Autogenerated Assets have a short random string generated and appended to their name

### bRespectLevelEditorGizmoMode
- **类型**: `bool`
- **描述**: If true, the standard UE Editor Gizmo Mode (ie selected via the Level Editor Viewport toggle) will be used to configure the Modeling Gizmo, otherwise a Combined Gizmo will always be used. It may be necessary to exit and re-enter Modeling Mode after changing this setting.

### bEnablePersistentSelections
- **类型**: `bool`
- **描述**: old preference for mesh selection system that will be disabled in 5.3

