# UWidgetInteractionComponent

**继承自**: `USceneComponent`

This is a component to allow interaction with the Widget Component.  This class allows you to
simulate a sort of laser pointer device, when it hovers over widgets it will send the basic signals
to show as if the mouse were moving on top of it.  You'll then tell the component to simulate key presses,
like Left Mouse, down and up, to simulate a mouse click.

## 属性

### OnHoveredWidgetChanged
- **类型**: `FOnHoveredWidgetChanged`

### VirtualUserIndex
- **类型**: `int`

### PointerIndex
- **类型**: `int`

### TraceChannel
- **类型**: `ECollisionChannel`

### InteractionDistance
- **类型**: `float32`

### InteractionSource
- **类型**: `EWidgetInteractionSource`

### bEnableHitTesting
- **类型**: `bool`

### bShowDebug
- **类型**: `bool`

### DebugSphereLineThickness
- **类型**: `float32`

### DebugLineThickness
- **类型**: `float32`

### DebugColor
- **类型**: `FLinearColor`

## 方法

### Get2DHitLocation
```angelscript
FVector2D Get2DHitLocation()
```
Gets the last hit location on the widget in 2D, local pixel units of the render target.

### GetHoveredWidgetComponent
```angelscript
UWidgetComponent GetHoveredWidgetComponent()
```
Get the currently hovered widget component.

### GetLastHitResult
```angelscript
FHitResult GetLastHitResult()
```
Gets the last hit result generated by the component.  Returns the custom hit result if that was set.

### IsOverFocusableWidget
```angelscript
bool IsOverFocusableWidget()
```
Returns true if a widget under the hit result is focusable.  e.g. Slate widgets that
return true for SupportsKeyboardFocus().

### IsOverHitTestVisibleWidget
```angelscript
bool IsOverHitTestVisibleWidget()
```
Returns true if a widget under the hit result is has a visibility that makes it hit test
visible.  e.g. Slate widgets that return true for GetVisibility().IsHitTestVisible().

### IsOverInteractableWidget
```angelscript
bool IsOverInteractableWidget()
```
Returns true if a widget under the hit result is interactive.  e.g. Slate widgets
that return true for IsInteractable().

### PressAndReleaseKey
```angelscript
bool PressAndReleaseKey(FKey Key)
```
Does both the press and release of a simulated keyboard key.

### PressKey
```angelscript
bool PressKey(FKey Key, bool bRepeat)
```
Press a key as if it had come from the keyboard.  Avoid using this for 'a-z|A-Z', things like
the Editable Textbox in Slate expect OnKeyChar to be called to signal a specific character being
send to the widget.  So for those cases you should use SendKeyChar.

### PressPointerKey
```angelscript
void PressPointerKey(FKey Key)
```
Presses a key as if the mouse/pointer were the source of it.  Normally you would just use
Left/Right mouse button for the Key.  However - advanced uses could also be imagined where you
send other keys to signal widgets to take special actions if they're under the cursor.

### ReleaseKey
```angelscript
bool ReleaseKey(FKey Key)
```
Releases a key as if it had been released by the keyboard.

### ReleasePointerKey
```angelscript
void ReleasePointerKey(FKey Key)
```
Releases a key as if the mouse/pointer were the source of it.  Normally you would just use
Left/Right mouse button for the Key.  However - advanced uses could also be imagined where you
send other keys to signal widgets to take special actions if they're under the cursor.

### ScrollWheel
```angelscript
void ScrollWheel(float32 ScrollDelta)
```
Sends a scroll wheel event to the widget under the last hit result.

### SendKeyChar
```angelscript
bool SendKeyChar(FString Characters, bool bRepeat)
```
Transmits a list of characters to a widget by simulating a OnKeyChar event for each key listed in
the string.

### SetCustomHitResult
```angelscript
void SetCustomHitResult(FHitResult HitResult)
```
Set custom hit result.  This is only taken into account if InteractionSource is set to EWidgetInteractionSource::Custom.

### SetFocus
```angelscript
void SetFocus(UWidget FocusWidget)
```
Set the focus target of the virtual user managed by this component

